Reworked Local APIs section (#61)
ietf-wg-wimse/draft-ietf-wimse-workload-identity-practices: draft-ietf-wimse-workload-identity-practices.md

## Local APIs

In this pattern, the workload obtains credentials by communicating with a
local API exposed by the credential issuer. Implementations commonly use UNIX
domain sockets (e.g., SPIFFE), loopback interfaces, or link-local "magic addresses"
169.254.169.254 commonly used for cloud provider Instance Metadata Services as
the transport mechanism.

Local APIs support re-provisioning of updated credentials, either on demand
or through persistent connections that enable the issuer to push new credentials.
This enables the use of short-lived, narrowly scoped credentials, improving
security posture compared to long-lived secrets.

The security of this approach relies heavily on network isolation to prevent
unauthorised access to the local API. In addition, the pattern requires client-side

> code, which may introduce portability challenges. The request–response paradigm
> and additional operational overhead can also increase latency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
code, which may introduce portability challenges. The request–response paradigm
can also increase latency, particularly when communication goes over the network.
```
